Explain downgrade of per-user installs (#328)
flatpak/flatpak-docs: docs/tips-and-tricks.rst

   --commit=ec07ad6c54e803d1428e5580426a41315e50a14376af033458e7a65bfb2b64f0 \
   org.gnome.Recipes

> If the application is installed per-user, you will get the error::
> 
>  error: org.gnome.Recipes not installed
> 
> In that case, omit `sudo` from the command::
> 
>  $ flatpak update \
>    --commit=ec07ad6c54e803d1428e5580426a41315e50a14376af033458e7a65bfb2b64f0 \
>    org.gnome.Recipes
> 

Reviewer: This is a bit verbose and unclear. I think I'd go with something like:

```suggestion
.. note::
   The example here uses ``sudo`` for system installations because, unlike normal upgrades, downgrades are considered a privileged action. If the application is installed per-user you would run it as that user.
```

   --commit=ec07ad6c54e803d1428e5580426a41315e50a14376af033458e7a65bfb2b64f0 \
   org.gnome.Recipes

> .. note::
>    The example here uses ``sudo`` for system installations because, unlike normal updates, downgrades are considered a privileged action. If the application is installed per-user you would run it as that user.
> If you have Flatpak 1.5.0 or later, you can also prevent the app from being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

   The example here uses ``sudo`` for system installations because, unlike normal updates, downgrades are considered a privileged action. If the application is installed per-user you would run it as that user.
   
If you have Flatpak 1.5.0 or later, you can also prevent the app from being
```
